
This game is played in many parts of Egypt. It's based on the famous Tic Tac Toe, but it removes the option of draw and the game would go on until there's a winner.

It starts with players pieces laid down in the row closer to them and with lower opacity, then once a piece is moved for the first time its opacity will go to full indicating that this piece is now in the game and can be part of a winning pattern. (winning patterns are the same as those of Tic Tac Toe)

Pieces can be moved from their slot to any available slot on the board, so make sure you don't only build a path to 1 or more winning patterns, but ensure you're preventing your opponent building their own path.

You have 3 boards to choose from (3x3, 4x4, 5x5), and 2 difficulty levels (easy / hard).

Easy: your opponent will pick any random slot and any random piece to move, so it's not challenging at all, but a good starting point to learn the basic rules.

Hard: your opponent will think of the best move available for them to win the game, so it's more challenging and more fun.

3x3 Board: As explained above, basically form a pattern of 3 moved pieces in a line (horizontally, vertically, or diagonally) and win the game.

4x4 Board: each player will have 4 pieces instead of 3, and for every pattern of 3 you form you get 1 point, and when you form a pattern of 4 you get 3 points and the game ends. If no one forms a 4 pieces pattern, the first player reaching 10 points wins the game. The game will also end when a player manages to form a pattern of 4, but then that player won't necessarily win the game, so the challenge is not just to create the winning pattern, but also to look at the bigger picture and create it at the right time to win the game.

5x5 Board: same as the 4x4 but with 1 point for a pattern of 3 pieces, 3 points for a pattern of 4 pieces, and 5 points for a pattern of 5 (which also ends the game). The game will also end when a player reaches 15 points.

You'll have 10 keys every day, you can use them to play new games:
  - 3x3 board: 1 key per game (any difficulty level).
  - 4x4 board: 3 keys per game (any difficulty level).
  - 5x5 board: 5 keys per game (any difficulty level).

To earn more keys, you'll just have to watch a short advertisement by clicking on the key at the top left corner, and you'll earn 5 more keys to use.